Normal mode

First era

First task: Also like the easy mode the player feels hungry and needs tools to hunt, but in this level the player will need to craft different tools. 
The player speaks to npc 1 and he tells him that in order to make him a axe the player should bring a large stick, stone and rope. Then Joe pops up and gives him instructions on how to get all of the staff. The player will need to collect the large stick from the ground.
In order to get stone the player will need to speak to npc 2 and do something for him. (bring him 2 apples, 3 bananas...). Npc 2 will tell the player how to craft the rope. He will need to get 2 pieces of one of these (hemp, manila hemp, linen, cotton, coir, jute, straw, sisal).
Once the player has all the necessery materials he would have to give them to npc 1.
After the axe is made npc 1 tells him to chop an oak wood for the bow, and pick up a small stick for the arrow. Then the npc 1 tells the player that he will reward the player for all the hard word and give him a lion tooth for the arrow's head.

Second task: Now the player has the bow and arrow and it's ready to hunt. The player goes to a local hunter (npc 3) and asks her if she can teach him how to use his tools. The npc 3 teaches the player how to hunt and the player hunts a tiger and a bear. Also she teaches the player how to grill and roast the meat.

Second era

First task: The first task that the player has to complete is to learn how to plant different plants (potatoes, wheat, sugar cane...). Joe will pop up on the screen and tell him what to do. (A farmer will be asking for someone to come and help him plant his plants). After planting the plants the player will have to wait for some time for the plants to grow up and harvest them.

Second task: In the meantime another npc(4) comes to him and asks if he is interested in helping him mine, in return the player will receive a reward. The player has to agree. But in order to mine the player has to craft a pickaxe. In order to craft the pickaxe Joe will tell him to find the craftman and he ask if he would like to make a pickaxe for him. The craftman will say yes if the player does something for him. (go to his house (the craftman will tell him how to get there) and tell his wife to give him the lunch that she made. She won't believe him and ask for the secret code (12+8=20) and ask the player true of false question (5+8= 12)). The wife will ask the player if he knows how to get back to the craftman. If the answer is no that she proseeds to tell him how to get to him. When the player gets back he needs to give the lunch to the craftman in exchange for the pickaxe.
Finally when the player has the needed tool he goes back to npc 4 and together they go to the mine. The player finds various kinds of ores (copper, gold, iron...). When they are finished mining they split the ores and the npc gives him the promised reward(...). 
Now the player has to choose if he wants to upgrade his weapons or not.

Continuing with first task: Joe reminds the player that he has to go back to the farmer and harvest the plants. The player goes to the farmer and he tells the player that the first thing they need to do is get the sugar cane, so that they can make a basket and a barrel.
After the basket is made they will procced to harvest the plants (the player is going to quess the plant).

Third era

First task: The player will have to solve a few math problems so that he can help the pharaoh build the pyramids. Also travel from one location to another to find out how to solve the solve the equations (find the right formula).

Second task: Just like the easy mode the player gets lost in the pyramid and has to find a way out. But the maze will be a little harder. 